The Santa Fe Trail, played by Brownie McNeil at Austin, Texas, February 18, 1939.
Say, poor Dave, you sighted a schooner alongside of the Santa Fe Trail.
They made it here Monday or sooner.
They had a water kick tied on the tail.
There was Daddy and Ma on the mule seat.
And somewhere along by the way was a tow-headed gal on a pin-toe, just a janglin' for old Santa Fe.
Just a janglin' for old Santa Fe.
I seen her ride down the arroya, way back on the Arkansas sands.
She had a smile like an acre of sunflowers, and a quirt in her little brown hand.
She mounted her pintoes so at ease, she rode like she carried the mail, and her eyes near set fire to the prairie, alongside of the Santa Fe trail.
Amen.
I know a gal down on the border That'd ride to El Paso to side I'm acquainted with the high-flying orders And I sometimes kiss some gals goodnight But, Lord, they're all fluffers and beaded
Drink afternoon tea by the pail.
I'm not used to that sort of stampeding alongside of the Santa Fe.
Now I don't know her name on the prairie When you're hunting one gallop some wine It's shorter from hell to hilarie
than it is on the Santa Fe ride.
So I'll try to make plumbers by sundown where a camp can be made on the swale.
I'll come on that gal with her pinhole.
She'll be camped on the Santa Fe